I'm not like this. Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen.
Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen
Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen
Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen
Hang him up and arrest him
How can I reply? Thank you.
Don't you have to hurry up?
When you are not there, you will return home
Don't you want to save your mother's ass? Thank you, right?
Too much for you
I will enter your home thanks
something